‪[emotional music playing]
‪[crickets chirping]
‪[Lindani laughs] What are you doing?
‪You love me?
‪[laughs]
‪[laughing continues]
‪[horn honks]
‪Wow.
‪You want to go again?
‪-Don't be greedy now. [chuckles]
‪-Yeah. you want to go again.
‪-[Jonasi moans]
‪-[gags]
‪-[Lindani groans]
‪-[grunts]
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪-Mmm.
‪Listen.
‪The first few weeks
‪are going to be just a little bit tough.
‪But it'll be over soon.
‪-Understand?
‪-Okay.
‪There we go.
‪-Mmm.
‪-Are you leaving already?
‪-Yes. I have to go. [sighs]
‪-[gags]
‪[tense music playing]
‪[gags]
‪[sighs]
‪[groaning]
‪[sucks teeth. breathes shakily]
‪-[sinister music playing]
‪-[grunts]
‪[panting]
‪Oh. my God. Oh. my God. [grunts]
‪[grunting]
‪[gasps]
‪[breathing shakily. groaning]
‪[panting]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[whimpering]
‪My baby.
‪[sobbing]
‪[sniffles]
‪[panting continues]
‪No. [gags]
‪[whimpers]
‪[sobbing]
‪[sighs]
‪[chuckles]
‪[Matipa] What's this?
‪You know…
‪[clicks tongue] …my love.
‪Mm-hmm?
‪You deserve all the fine things
‪this world has to offer.
‪Hmm?
‪[Matipa sighs. clears throat]
‪What's wrong now?
‪I have an appointment
‪with my gynaecologist in an hour.
‪[Jonasi] Oh.
‪The gynae?
‪Well. then.
‪I just need five minutes
‪to do a little inspection.
‪-Give me a break. Stop it.
‪-Wait. what? [grunts]
‪Wait.
‪Is this about Essie?
‪This necklace you bought me
‪isn't a magic wand
‪that will erase everything you did to me.
‪-Yes but we need to move on from this now.
‪-We need to move on?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-Because you say so?
‪No.
‪We're doing it for our marriage.
‪This is our marriage.
‪-It has nothing to do with Essie and I.
‪-Our marriage is built on a lie.
‪-Oh. come on.
‪-You deceived me into believing
‪I was your second wife.
‪First. second. third wife.
‪-What does it matter?
‪-It matters because I feel like a fool.
‪-No. my love.
‪-As if I'm a desperate third wheel.
‪It's all in your head.
‪[Matipa scoffs]
‪My love. the only sin I've committed here
‪-is love.
‪-[scoffs]
‪[whimpers]
‪[sobbing. panting]
‪[line ringing]
‪Pick up the phone. [breathing shakily]
‪[phone buzzing]
‪So tell me.
‪this fuss. when is it going to end?
‪-This fuss?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪It will end
‪when you look in the mirror. Jonasi.
‪and realise what you did was selfish.
‪Then apologise.
‪And if that doesn't happen. then what?
‪-[buzzing continues]
‪-[Matipa sniffles]
‪-Here's some lotion.
‪-Oh.
‪Do you know how to use the hands
‪that God gave you?
‪Why don't you take those tools
‪and put them to use.
‪I'm not your fucking sex toy.
‪[buzzing continues]
‪Oh.
‪Ugh. Move!
‪[whimpers]
‪[wailing] My baby.
‪[crying]
‪[siren wailing]
‪[sobbing]
‪[sniffles]
‪-[Mpume] There she is.
‪-[Joyce] Oh. my God.
‪[doors closes]
‪-Lindani. I'm sorry. baby.
‪-Mom.
‪Sorry. Sorry. sorry. okay?
‪Listen. There was an accident
‪on the way here. but I tried.
‪-No. It's okay.
‪-I'm here now.
‪And then? Why are you standing here
‪and signing-- Hello?
‪Where are the nurses? How can they
‪make you sign papers when you're sick?
‪-What's wrong with these people?
‪-They… They said it's procedure.
‪-It's how they work.
‪-Is it their procedure or love for money?
‪The father of my baby will come here.
‪Ma. and-and pay for everything.
‪He'll settle the bill.
‪Mpume. please tell her.
‪[Joyce] You don't need to tell me
‪anything. Mpume. Listen. [sighs]
‪I don't care
‪about the father of your baby.
‪But as for me. I'm here as your mother.
‪-I'll handle it. Give it to me.
‪-Ma. it's okay. Really.
‪-Wow.
‪-It's really fine. Ma.
‪The father of the baby is rich.
‪Why do you keep telling me
‪about this estranged father of the baby?
‪You're busy annoying me about him.
‪Like I've said.
‪I'm your mother. and I'll pay.
‪-Give me that. Goodness.
‪-No. Ma. It ju… It hurts.
‪-It hurts!
‪-Lindani. Goodness! Nurse!
‪[elevator bell dings]
‪Where have you been?
‪I got caught up.
‪Your father's mouth probably went dry
‪while stalling.
‪waiting for these documents.
‪[sighs] Don't stress yourself.
‪My father is a man of many talents.
‪He'll be just fine.
‪[scoffs]
‪Uh-uh. Hey. where you going?
‪You're gonna go inside
‪and leave the documents
‪-on the desk next to him.
‪-Isn't that your job?
‪You should be the one
‪taking the papers inside.
‪Menzi.
‪Your father is trying
‪to raise you up in this company.
‪and he's not a very patient man.
‪So you better hurry up.
‪[Jonasi. in distance]
‪Yeah. I want you to get the tickets.
‪Yes. yes. yes. Pirates won the cup.
‪Yeah. we gave it to them.
‪I mean. it's not a serious match.
‪-Like. come on. come on.
‪-That's right.
‪Uh…
‪As I said. it's…
‪All of the soccer. South African soccer
‪is at the level I like the most.
‪[Joyce] You guys honestly
‪have sugar daddies now?
‪Who is this man?
‪Who is this gross. pathetic. perverted man
‪who's attracted
‪to young girls like Lindani?
‪I don't know. She's never shown me.
‪You know. Ma. Lindani doesn't come
‪from a wealthy family.
‪What this person did is that
‪he took advantage of her
‪and left her just like that.
‪[smacks lips] Mpume.
‪[sighs] Listen.
‪I didn't consider how you're feeling.
‪I'm sorry about all of this.
‪-Your friend will be okay.
‪-[door opens]
‪-You heard what the doctor said.
‪-[door closes]
‪-[sighs] It's going to be okay.
‪-[Mpume] Yeah.
‪-My boy.
‪-Yes?
‪-Are you okay?
‪-Yeah. I'm fine.
‪[door opens]
‪[Joyce] Boy.
‪Hello.
‪You're back from work?
‪-Hmm?
‪-I don't think I wanna work there anymore.
‪-Can we talk?
‪-Ma. I said I'm fine.
‪You're not fine. Menzi.
‪I'm certainly not fine.
‪and neither is your sister.
‪We're gonna take a short trip
‪before Mpume starts school again.
‪You didn't even consult me.
‪I wasn't aware
‪that this isn't home anymore.
‪-‪We're in jail now?
‪-Oh?
‪Oh. So you're a prisoner now?
‪You know… [scoffs] You're dramatic.
‪Oh. Actually. did-did he tell you
‪what he did today at the office?
‪-No. he didn't tell me.
‪-‪I had a meeting with the shareholders.
‪He nearly ruined everything.
‪And what do you do. Joyce?
‪You reward him with a holiday.
‪I honestly truly believe
‪there's something wrong with Menzi.
‪I really think he deserves this trip
‪and he needs to go out
‪and get some air. you know?
‪He needs a little break.
‪-A break from what?
‪-From his father!
‪-Gosh! Ugh.
‪-[call ends]
‪[beeps]
‪[chimes]
‪[line ringing]
‪[Lindani sobbing]
‪-Huh?
‪-Hi. J.
‪-Yes. yes?
‪-[sobbing continues]
‪-What's wrong?
‪-‪You said you'll always be here.
‪but now you're not here now.
‪My baby is gone.
‪My baby is dead.
‪Okay. okay. I'll be there soon.
‪I-I'll fix everything. Okay?
‪-[Lindani sobbing]
‪-[call ends]
‪-[Sarah] Dad.
‪-Yes.
‪I-I thought you'd call
‪or at least reschedule our meeting
‪-since you stood me up.
‪-W-What are you talking about?
‪Our lunch date. Dad.
‪Buhle scheduled it for us
‪and you said you'd be there.
‪but you never even showed up.
‪Okay. okay.
‪Buhle must've mixed the dates.
‪Oh. okay. So when can we meet?
‪I'll let you know.
‪[scoffs]
‪Dad. what happened to our picture?
‪[stammers] What?
‪Do I have to explain everything
‪that happens in this office?
‪-Yes. that's our family photo that I--
‪-For crying out loud!
‪Stop it. this is my office. Listen here.
‪There are many girls
‪who would kill to have what you have.
‪You have everything you could want.
‪Yet here you are.
‪The world does not revolve around you.
‪You need to stop with this behaviour.
‪You understand me?
‪Stop it!
‪[sighs]
‪[door opens]
‪-[door closes]
‪-[footsteps approaching]
‪[doctor clears throat]
‪[sighs]
‪So. um. is it cervical cancer?
‪Uh. the pap smear results
‪are not back yet. ma'am.
‪But there is something else.
‪[stutters] Something else?
‪The tests show that
‪you have gonorrhoea.
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪[gasps]
‪[stammers] I'm sorry. the STI?
‪So. ma'am. unlike men.
‪the symptoms in women
‪may be too subtle to identify.
‪O-Okay.
‪[sighs] So you're saying my partner
‪could've been having the symptoms?
‪He probably thinks
‪it's something that will just go away.
‪But we are able to treat it with
‪the antibiotics I've prescribed for you.
‪But please.
‪he also has to come in for treatment.
‪[Essie] Freedom. please. please
‪pour a glass of wine for your sister.
‪Maybe it'll calm her down.
‪It'll help her reduce stress.
‪-She's been crying the whole day.
‪-Why don't we give her whiskey?
‪-Maybe that'll make her feel better?
‪-[Essie] I'm not joking.
‪I mean. she's been crying for hours.
‪She's burning up now.
‪-Her head must be pounding.
‪-Ma. I'm not going to do that.
‪-Sarah doesn't need alcohol to cope.
‪-[Sarah] Mom.
‪I don't want alcohol.
‪Oh.
‪Okay. then. my baby.
‪So how about me and you go to the mall
‪and get you some new clothes?
‪-You'll look beautiful and you--
‪-[Sarah scoffs]
‪You know what? I want to be alone. Ma.
‪Oh. Did I say something wrong?
‪Sarah!
‪Sarah. come back.
‪-[sighs] This is all Jonasi's fault.
‪-[door slams]
‪This is all your fault.
‪Ma. you chose to love Jonasi
‪over your own kids.
‪-That's not true.
‪-Your love for money and men
‪has left you with wounded kids.
‪But of course you can't see anymore
‪that in here. our hearts have been broken.
‪Your excessive drinking is your problem.
‪Don't blame me for your addiction.
‪-You chose this life.
‪-You know what? This is madness now.
‪Old lady. this is all your fault.
‪You allowed that dog.
‪Jonasi. to come into our home. old lady.
‪And he treated me
‪like an animal who eats trash.
‪something worthless. all the way through.
‪[emotional music playing]
‪And you just watched.
‪I've always known my whole life
‪that you don't really care about me.
‪The only thing you really care about is
‪-money.
‪-I'm not with Jonasi because of money.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-I've been with Jonasi for a long time.
‪Before you were even born.
‪-[laughs]
‪-Wow.
‪You know. my old lady.
‪This is not funny at all.
‪So tell me then. old lady.
‪Hmm?
‪If you didn't love Jonasi
‪just because of his money.
‪why did you love him?
‪Did you love him
‪because he was such a good husband to you?
‪Or did you love him because
‪he was a great father to my sister?
‪But it's okay. We are here now.
‪The secret is out. fine.
‪-Where is he?
‪-I'll smack you.
‪-You're being disrespectful now.
‪-Oh?
‪You know. old lady. what I don't want?
‪I don't want my sister to end up like me.
‪To become an alcoholic because of you.
‪And I definitely
‪don't want her to end up like you.
‪Solving all her problems by running
‪to garbage men and spreading her legs.
‪Listen.
‪You're being
‪very disrespectful now. disrespectful.
‪Go ahead and hit me. old lady.
‪It doesn't hurt anymore.
‪Later.
‪[Freedom sniffles]
‪[door closes]
‪What are we doing here. Jonasi?
‪Oh. relax.
‪Joyce. Mpume. and Menzi are not home.
‪They're on holiday.
‪What about Ntombi?
‪Ntombi took the last born
‪to his grandmother.
‪It's just you and I.
‪No one else is here.
‪You know… [sighs]
‪…what I refuse to do
‪is leave you all alone in a hotel.
‪at a time like this.
‪[inhales sharply] Here's what I'll do.
‪I'll take care of you.
‪I'll make some soft porridge.
‪-You'll make me porridge? [chuckles]
‪-I will make you porridge.
‪Regain your strength.
‪[Joyce] ‪Where is that key?
‪[phone chimes]
‪-Whoa. Mom.
‪-Hmm?
‪What's going on?
‪Lindani's been discharged. Ma.
‪I shouldn't have agreed
‪to come with you guys.
‪Oh. come on.
‪-She's with her mom though. right?
‪-And what difference will she make?
‪She's not very supportive.
‪Wait. wait. Just hold on.
‪What are you saying? Is Lindani okay?
‪She was in hospital.
‪But Mpume says she's been discharged.
‪Why? Wha… What happened?
‪-Say something!
‪-Gosh. Menzi.
‪She was pregnant and had a miscarriage.
‪-Goodness.
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪[distorted] But she'll be fine.
‪[distorted] Menzi. are you okay?
‪-[hyperventilating]
‪-Oh. my God. What's going on? Menzi.
‪-[straining]
‪-Menzi. breathe. Breathe!
‪[Joyce] You should've stayed over at the
‪hospital and had the doctor check on you.
‪[Menzi] No. Mom. the doctor said I'm fine.
‪It was just a panic attack.
‪Of course you will say it
‪like it was nothing.
‪We've never seen you like that.
‪[Joyce] Thank you. The day isn't over.
‪-I'm thinking. let's watch a movie.
‪-Oh.
‪-And enjoy the rest of the day…
‪-Ma.
‪-…since we didn't leave.
‪-Yes.
‪So let's make some popcorn
‪and chill together.
‪-You'll pick something great. right?
‪-Mm-mmm.
‪-[Joyce] Hmm?
‪-Horror.
‪No. you'll scare him
‪into another panic attack.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-[laughs]
‪-Your mom with the bad jokes.
‪-[Joyce] I'm sorry.
‪-[Menzi] Wow.
‪-Let's go. bro.
‪[Mpume laughing]
‪[Lindani]
‪This has been so difficult for me.
‪[Jonasi] I know.
‪-[tense music playing]
‪-[Lindani] But it's okay. I will heal.
‪And I'll give birth to more babies
‪for you. and have a family.
‪[Lindani. Jonasi chuckle]
‪[Lindani] I'll be your fourth wife
‪and we'll have a family.
‪-[Jonasi chuckles]
‪-[Lindani] Maybe we'll have twins.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi] Twins?
‪[Jonasi] My love.
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪[Lindani] I feel good now.
‪This will pass. Hmm?
‪-I know. Thank you for taking care of me.
‪-[grunts]
‪[gasps]
‪Joyce.
‪Ms Joyce.
‪What bullshit is this?
‪This is a child.
‪-You're the father of her baby?
‪-[Jonasi] No. Listen. Joyce.
‪You are the-the father of the baby
‪-Lindani miscarried. Jonasi?
‪-Let me explain. Wait.
‪What are you explaining?
‪What are you doing?
‪-Joyce. wait.
‪-What are you doing? Hey!
‪-Leave me alone.
‪-Let me explain. Listen.
‪What the hell
‪do you wanna explain. Jonasi?
‪-Explain what?
‪-Listen to what I'm saying.
‪-Joyce. No. Wait. Wait.
‪-You're sleeping with a child!
‪There's nothing to explain about that.
‪Don't tell me what to do!
‪-What the hell is up with you?
‪-Ow! Joyce!
‪-[Lindani] Ms Joyce!
‪-You're not going anywhere! Lindani!
‪-Ms Joyce! Ms Joyce!
‪-Wait. You're going to hurt her.
‪Joyce. Calm down. Joyce. stop!
‪-No. Jonasi! Let me go. let me go!
‪-Joyce! Stop it. Joyce!
‪-No. Joyce. no!
‪-[Lindani] What are you doing?
‪-Joyce. stop it!
‪-Lindani!
‪Calm down. please! Joyce! Joyce. wait!
‪Joyce! You're going to hurt her! Stop it!
‪-Help me. Jonasi! [screams]
‪-You're gonna hurt her! Calm down!
‪Hey. hey. hey. Let go of me.
‪-Menzi. Menzi!
‪-Hey. Don't touch me.
‪-Hey. leave her alone. Leave her.
‪-You're sleeping with your own daughter?
‪You are sleeping with your own daughter!
‪-This is not my child.
‪-What's your problem?
‪-Jonasi!
‪-[Jonasi] I'm trying
‪-to explain to you!
‪-[Joyce] What's there to explain?
‪What are you doing here?
‪Is this the whore…
‪who gave me gonorrhoea?